flux-docs/src/use/install.md, before:

# Installing Flux

## Requirements

- [rustup](https://rustup.rs/)
- [liquid-fixpoint](https://github.com/ucsd-progsys/liquid-fixpoint)
- [z3](https://github.com/Z3Prover/z3)

Be sure that the `liquid-fixpoint` and `z3` executables are in your $PATH.

## Installing

The only way to use `flux` is to build it from source.

First you need to clone this repository

```bash
git clone https://github.com/liquid-rust/flux
cd flux
```

To build the source you need a nightly version of rustc.
We pin the version using a [toolchain file](/rust-toolchain) (more info [here](https://rust-lang.github.io/rustup/overrides.html#the-toolchain-file)).
If you are using rustup, no special action is needed as it should install the correct rustc version and components based on the information on that file.

Next, install the `flux` binary using

```bash
cargo install --path flux
```

Note that you should not call `flux` directly.

Finally, install `rustc-flux` and `cargo-flux` using

```bash
cargo install --path flux-bin
```

Commit message:

Rename flux to flux-driver

flux-docs/src/use/install.md, after:

# Installing Flux

## Requirements

- [rustup](https://rustup.rs/)
- [liquid-fixpoint](https://github.com/ucsd-progsys/liquid-fixpoint)
- [z3](https://github.com/Z3Prover/z3)

Be sure that the `liquid-fixpoint` and `z3` executables are in your $PATH.

## Installing

The only way to use `flux` is to build it from source.

First you need to clone the repository

```bash
git clone https://github.com/liquid-rust/flux
cd flux
```

To build the source you need a nightly version of rustc.
We pin the version using a [toolchain file](/rust-toolchain) (more info [here](https://rust-lang.github.io/rustup/overrides.html#the-toolchain-file)).
If you are using rustup, no special action is needed as it should install the correct rustc version and components based on the information on that file.

Next, run the following to build and install `flux` binaries

```bash
cargo install --path flux
cargo install --path flux-bin
```

This will install `flux-driver`, `rustc-flux` and `cargo-flux`. Note that you should not call `flux-driver` directly, but rather use `rustc-flux` and `cargo-flux`.
