book/src/dev/develop.md, before:

# Developer's Guide

## Regression Tests

You can run the various regression tests in the `tests/pos` and `tests/neg` directories using
`cargo xtask test`

This will build the flux binary and then run it against the entire test suite.
You can optionally pass a _filter_ to only run tests containing some substring.
For example:

```console
$ cargo xtask test impl_trait
   Compiling xtask v0.1.0 (/path/to/flux/xtask)
    Finished dev [unoptimized + debuginfo] target(s) in 0.29s
     Running `target/debug/xtask test impl_trait`
$ cargo build
    Finished dev [unoptimized + debuginfo] target(s) in 0.05s
$ cargo test -p tests -- --test-args impl_trait
   Compiling fluxtests v0.1.0 (/path/to/flux/tests)
    Finished test [unoptimized + debuginfo] target(s) in 0.62s
     Running tests/compiletest.rs (target/debug/deps/compiletest-1241128f1f51caa4)

running 5 tests
test [ui] pos/surface/impl_trait04.rs ... ok
test [ui] pos/surface/impl_trait03.rs ... ok
test [ui] pos/surface/impl_trait01.rs ... ok
test [ui] pos/surface/impl_trait00.rs ... ok
test [ui] pos/surface/impl_trait02.rs ... ok

test result: ok. 5 passed; 0 failed; 0 ignored; 0 measured; 191 filtered out; finished in 0.10s


running 2 tests
test [compile-fail] neg/surface/impl_trait00.rs ... ok
test [compile-fail] neg/surface/impl_trait02.rs ... ok

test result: ok. 2 passed; 0 failed; 0 ignored; 0 measured; 207 filtered out; finished in 0.09s
```

## Testing Flux on a File

When working on Flux, you may want to test your changes by running it against a test file.
You can use `cargo xtask run <input>` to run Flux on a single input file.
The command will set appropriate flags to be able to use custom Flux attributes and macros,
plus some extra flags useful for debugging.
For example:

```console
$ cat test.rs
#[flux::sig(fn(x: i32) -> i32[x + 1])]
fn add1(x: i32) -> i32 {
    x + 1
}
$ cargo xtask run test.rs
```

The command will use a super set of the flags passed when running regression tests.
Thus, a common workflow is to identify a failing test and run it directly with `cargo xtask run`,
or alternatively copy it to a different file.

You may also find useful to create a directory in the root of the project and add it to
[`.git/info/exclude`](https://git-scm.com/docs/gitignore).
You can keep files there, outside of version control, and test Flux against them.
I have a directory called `attic/` where I keep a file named `playground.rs`.
To run Flux on it, I do `cargo xtask run attic/playground.rs`.

## Reporting locations where errors are emitted

When you use `cargo xtask run` you'll see that we report the location an error was emitted, e.g.,

```console
error[FLUX]: refinement type error
 --> attic/playground.rs:4:5
  |
4 |     0
  |     ^ a postcondition cannot be proved
-Ztrack-diagnostics: created at crates/flux-refineck/src/lib.rs:114:15   <------- this
```

You can also pass `-Ztrack-diagnostics=y` to enable it if you are not using `cargo xtask run`

## Running outside the project

To run Flux in a package outside the flux repo you need to install the binaries globally. You can
do that using `cargo xtask install`. If you are continuously testing new changes it could be annoying
to do it each time. To deal with this, you can set the `FLUX_SYSROOT` environment variable to change the
location where `cargo-flux` and `rustc-flux` load the `flux-driver`. You can set it globally to point
to the `target/debug` directory inside your local copy of the repo. This way you won't have to run
`cargo xtask install` after every change, and you can be sure you'll be using the latest local debug
build. Just be aware that the `rustc-flux` and `cargo-flux` binaries are built for a specific toolchain,
and you will get a dynamic linking error if the `flux-driver` was compiled with a different one. This
is to say, you should at least run `cargo xtask install` every time after the toolchain is updated.

## Profiling Flux

Set `FLUX_DUMP_TIMINGS=true` to have flux write timing diagnostics to `./log/timings`.

Right now this is _extremely_ simple, it just provides some details for the spans under `flux_typeck` and `flux_driver`.

### Sample output

Below is a sample output for an invocation of `cargo-flux check` that took 19 seconds. The missing 2 seconds approximately accounts for the time it takes for `cargo check` to run.

Note that `check_crate` contains everything running under `check_top`, which is why the sum of the spans is greater than 19 seconds.

```text
check_top
  Checker::infer
    num events:   205
    min non-zero: 0.52ms
    1st quartile: 0.52ms
    2nd quartile: 1.05ms
    3rd quartile: 2.62ms
    max:          24.12ms
    total time:   229.64ms
  Checker::check
    num events:   205
    min non-zero: 0.52ms
    1st quartile: 0.52ms
    2nd quartile: 1.05ms
    3rd quartile: 5.24ms
    max:          159.91ms
    total time:   2028.47ms
  FixpointCtx::check
    num events:   205
    min non-zero: 22.02ms
    1st quartile: 26.21ms
    2nd quartile: 28.31ms
    3rd quartile: 40.37ms
    max:          1867.51ms
    total time:   9106.36ms
total time: 11364.47ms

check_crate
  Callbacks::check_wf
    num events:   1
    min non-zero: 18.35ms
    1st quartile: 18.87ms
    2nd quartile: 18.87ms
    3rd quartile: 18.87ms
    max:          18.87ms
    total time:   18.87ms
  Callbacks::check_crate
    num events:   1
    min non-zero: 16986.93ms
    1st quartile: 16995.32ms
    2nd quartile: 16995.32ms
    3rd quartile: 16995.32ms
    max:          16995.32ms
    total time:   16995.32ms
total time: 17014.19ms
```


## Macro expansion

For example if you have code like  in `path/to/file.rs`

```rust
#[extern_spec]
#[flux::refined_by(elems: Set<T>)]
struct HashSet<T, S = RandomState>;
```

and you want to see what the `extern_spec` macro expands it out to, then run

```
cargo x run -- -Zunpretty=expanded path/to/file.rs
```

Or you can run the `xtask` command directly

```
cargo x expand path/to/file.rs
```

Commit message:

Implement option to recover from panics

book/src/dev/develop.md, after:

# Developer's Guide

## Regression Tests

You can run the various regression tests in the `tests/pos` and `tests/neg` directories using
`cargo xtask test`

This will build the flux binary and then run it against the entire test suite.
You can optionally pass a _filter_ to only run tests containing some substring.
For example:

```console
$ cargo xtask test impl_trait
   Compiling xtask v0.1.0 (/path/to/flux/xtask)
    Finished dev [unoptimized + debuginfo] target(s) in 0.29s
     Running `target/debug/xtask test impl_trait`
$ cargo build
    Finished dev [unoptimized + debuginfo] target(s) in 0.05s
$ cargo test -p tests -- --test-args impl_trait
   Compiling fluxtests v0.1.0 (/path/to/flux/tests)
    Finished test [unoptimized + debuginfo] target(s) in 0.62s
     Running tests/compiletest.rs (target/debug/deps/compiletest-1241128f1f51caa4)

running 5 tests
test [ui] pos/surface/impl_trait04.rs ... ok
test [ui] pos/surface/impl_trait03.rs ... ok
test [ui] pos/surface/impl_trait01.rs ... ok
test [ui] pos/surface/impl_trait00.rs ... ok
test [ui] pos/surface/impl_trait02.rs ... ok

test result: ok. 5 passed; 0 failed; 0 ignored; 0 measured; 191 filtered out; finished in 0.10s


running 2 tests
test [compile-fail] neg/surface/impl_trait00.rs ... ok
test [compile-fail] neg/surface/impl_trait02.rs ... ok

test result: ok. 2 passed; 0 failed; 0 ignored; 0 measured; 207 filtered out; finished in 0.09s
```

## Testing Flux on a File

When working on Flux, you may want to test your changes by running it against a test file.
You can use `cargo xtask run <input>` to run Flux on a single input file.
The command will set appropriate flags to be able to use custom Flux attributes and macros,
plus some extra flags useful for debugging.
For example:

```console
$ cat test.rs
#[flux::sig(fn(x: i32) -> i32[x + 1])]
fn add1(x: i32) -> i32 {
    x + 1
}
$ cargo xtask run test.rs
```

The command will use a super set of the flags passed when running regression tests.
Thus, a common workflow is to identify a failing test and run it directly with `cargo xtask run`,
or alternatively copy it to a different file.

You may also find useful to create a directory in the root of the project and add it to
[`.git/info/exclude`](https://git-scm.com/docs/gitignore).
You can keep files there, outside of version control, and test Flux against them.
I have a directory called `attic/` where I keep a file named `playground.rs`.
To run Flux on it, I do `cargo xtask run attic/playground.rs`.

## Reporting locations where errors are emitted

When you use `cargo xtask run` you'll see that we report the location an error was emitted, e.g.,

```console
error[FLUX]: refinement type error
 --> attic/playground.rs:4:5
  |
4 |     0
  |     ^ a postcondition cannot be proved
-Ztrack-diagnostics: created at crates/flux-refineck/src/lib.rs:114:15   <------- this
```

You can also pass `-Ztrack-diagnostics=y` to enable it if you are not using `cargo xtask run`

## Running outside the project

To run Flux in a package outside the flux repo you need to install the binaries globally. You can
do that using `cargo xtask install`. If you are continuously testing new changes it could be annoying
to do it each time. To deal with this, you can set the `FLUX_SYSROOT` environment variable to change the
location where `cargo-flux` and `rustc-flux` load the `flux-driver`. You can set it globally to point
to the `target/debug` directory inside your local copy of the repo. This way you won't have to run
`cargo xtask install` after every change, and you can be sure you'll be using the latest local debug
build. Just be aware that the `rustc-flux` and `cargo-flux` binaries are built for a specific toolchain,
and you will get a dynamic linking error if the `flux-driver` was compiled with a different one. This
is to say, you should at least run `cargo xtask install` every time after the toolchain is updated.

## Profiling Flux

Set `FLUX_DUMP_TIMINGS=true` to have flux write timing diagnostics to `./log/timings`.

Right now this is _extremely_ simple, it just provides some details for the spans under `flux_typeck` and `flux_driver`.

### Sample output

Below is a sample output for an invocation of `cargo-flux check` that took 19 seconds. The missing 2 seconds approximately accounts for the time it takes for `cargo check` to run.

Note that `check_crate` contains everything running under `check_top`, which is why the sum of the spans is greater than 19 seconds.

```text
check_top
  Checker::infer
    num events:   205
    min non-zero: 0.52ms
    1st quartile: 0.52ms
    2nd quartile: 1.05ms
    3rd quartile: 2.62ms
    max:          24.12ms
    total time:   229.64ms
  Checker::check
    num events:   205
    min non-zero: 0.52ms
    1st quartile: 0.52ms
    2nd quartile: 1.05ms
    3rd quartile: 5.24ms
    max:          159.91ms
    total time:   2028.47ms
  FixpointCtx::check
    num events:   205
    min non-zero: 22.02ms
    1st quartile: 26.21ms
    2nd quartile: 28.31ms
    3rd quartile: 40.37ms
    max:          1867.51ms
    total time:   9106.36ms
total time: 11364.47ms

check_crate
  Callbacks::check_wf
    num events:   1
    min non-zero: 18.35ms
    1st quartile: 18.87ms
    2nd quartile: 18.87ms
    3rd quartile: 18.87ms
    max:          18.87ms
    total time:   18.87ms
  Callbacks::check_crate
    num events:   1
    min non-zero: 16986.93ms
    1st quartile: 16995.32ms
    2nd quartile: 16995.32ms
    3rd quartile: 16995.32ms
    max:          16995.32ms
    total time:   16995.32ms
total time: 17014.19ms
```

## Macro expansion

For example if you have code like in `path/to/file.rs`

```rust
#[extern_spec]
#[flux::refined_by(elems: Set<T>)]
struct HashSet<T, S = RandomState>;
```

and you want to see what the `extern_spec` macro expands it out to, then run

```shell
cargo x run -- -Zunpretty=expanded path/to/file.rs
```

Or you can run the `xtask` command directly

```shell
cargo x expand path/to/file.rs
```

## Reporting and dealing bugs

As Flux is under active developement, there are many aspects of Rust that Flux does not yet support, are
only partially implemented, or where the implementation may contain bugs. These issues typically manifest
as unreachable arms in a match statement (that turn out not to be unreachable) or preemtive assertions to
guard agains code we don't support. To help identify the code that triggers these bugs, there are a few
recommended methods for reporting them:

* `QueryErr::bug`: Use this method to report a bug if the code already returns a `QueryResult`. This
approach is preferred because we will correctly recover from the error.
* `span_bug!`: When you have a `Span` at hand, you can use this macro in place of `panic!` to report
the span before panicking.
* `tracked_span_bug!`: This macro is similar to `span_bug!`, but it uses a span stored in a thread local
variable (if one exists). To track a span in the thread local variable you can use `flux_common::bug::track_span`.
* `bug!`: For other cases where none of the above applies, you can use the `bug!` macro. This behaves
mostly like `panic!` but with nicer formatting.

When running Flux in a new code base, consider setting the flag `FLUX_CATCH_BUGS=1`. If this flag is set,
Flux will try to catch and recover from panics emitted with one of the bug macros (using
`std::panic::catch_unwind`). Bugs are caught at item boundaries. This may leave Flux or rustc
in an inconsistent state, so there are no guarantees that Flux will behave correctly after recovering
from a panic. However, this may still be useful to gather as many errors as possible. Code can
be selectively ignored later.
